## What's here

- [`calc_logD.nb`](calc_logD.nb) - Wolfram Mathematica notebook used to calculate distribution coefficients (log *D*<sub>7.4</sub>). The notebook takes the partition coefficients (log *P*) and acidity constants from the SAMPL7 log *P* and pK<sub>a</sub> submission collection files and calculates the distribution coefficients according to the model described in https://doi.org/10.1007/s10822-016-9954-8. Because the charge state information for the protonated and deprotonated species isn't available for the individual models, eq. 4 for acids was used for all compounds. This choice was made because of the broad consensus of different pK<sub>a</sub> models that had also submitted macrostate pK<sub>a</sub> values including the charge state information. The distribution coefficients are only calculated for combinations of ranked models submitted by participants from the same participant organization. Notebook created by Nicolas Tielker.
- [`logD_submission_collection.csv`](logD_submission_collection.csv) - Contains analysis of log *D*<sub>7.4</sub> predictions generated from log *P* and pK<sub>a</sub> predictions.
- [`logD_predictions/`](logD_predictions/) - Contains SAMPL style submission files created from the log *D* data found in [`logD_submission_collection.csv`](logD_submission_collection.csv). These were used as input for the general SAMPL analysis scripts found in the directory before the present one.
- [`user-map.csv`](user-map.csv) - manually created user map of all logD estimate files. Used as input for the general SAMPL analysis scripts.
