host_guest/cyclodextrin_derivatives/host_files/README.md, before:

# Hosts for the SAMPL7 Cyclodextrin Derivatives Challenge

Provided are the hosts for this challenge in PDB and ChemDraw (.cdx) format, including beta cyclodextrin as well as the series of modified cyclodextrins.


## What's here

- `MGLab8.pdb`, `MGLab9.pdb`, `MGLab23.pdb`, `MGLab24.pdb`, `MGLab34.pdb`, `MGLab35.pdb`, `MGLab36.pdb` : PDB host files provided by Katy Kellett April 26th, 2019.
- `b-CD.pdb` : PDB file of host beta-cyclodextrin provided by Katy Kellett April 26th, 2019.
- `MGLab_8.cdx`, `MGLab_9.cdx`, `MGLab_19.cdx`, `MGLab_23.cdx`, `MGLab_24.cdx`, `MGLab_29.cdx`, `MGLab_34.cdx`, `MGLab_35.cdx`, `MGLab_36.cdx` : ChemDraw files of the modified cyclodextrin hosts provided by Katy Kellett May 10th, 2019.
- `bCD.cdx` : ChemDraw file of host beta-cyclodextrin provided by Katy Kellett May 10th, 2019.
- `sampl_host_structures_coded.cdx` : ChemDraw file of the host structures with code names included, provided by Katy Kellett May 15, 2019.
- `sampl_host_structures_1.cdx` : ChemDraw file of the host structures without any code names, provided by Katy Kellett May 15, 2019.

Commit message:

Updated README for the CD host

host_guest/cyclodextrin_derivatives/host_files/README.md, after:

# Hosts for the SAMPL7 Cyclodextrin Derivatives Challenge

Provided are the hosts for this challenge in PDB (.pdb), MOL2 (.mol2), SDF (.sdf) and ChemDraw (.cdx) format, including beta cyclodextrin as well as the series of modified cyclodextrins.


## What's here

- `MGLab8.pdb`, `MGLab9.pdb`, `MGLab23.pdb`, `MGLab24.pdb`, `MGLab34.pdb`, `MGLab35.pdb`, `MGLab36.pdb` : PDB host files provided by Katy Kellett April 26th, 2019.
- `b-CD.pdb` : PDB file of host beta-cyclodextrin provided by Katy Kellett April 26th, 2019.
- `MGLab_8.cdx`, `MGLab_9.cdx`, `MGLab_19.cdx`, `MGLab_23.cdx`, `MGLab_24.cdx`, `MGLab_29.cdx`, `MGLab_34.cdx`, `MGLab_35.cdx`, `MGLab_36.cdx` : ChemDraw files of the modified cyclodextrin hosts provided by Katy Kellett May 10th, 2019.
- `bCD.cdx` : ChemDraw file of host beta-cyclodextrin provided by Katy Kellett May 10th, 2019.
- `sampl_host_structures_coded.cdx` : ChemDraw file of the host structures with code names included, provided by Katy Kellett May 15, 2019.
- `sampl_host_structures_1.cdx` : ChemDraw file of the host structures without any code names, provided by Katy Kellett May 15, 2019.
- `host_input_maker.ipynb`: The jupyter notebook used to generate the MOL2 and SDF files for each guest using OpenEye toolkits and the PDBs that were provided by Katy Kellett.
