host_guest/Isaacs_clip/README.md, before:

# The SAMPL7 TrimerTrip Challenge

For SAMPL7, the Isaacs group is **tentatively** contributing binding data for roughly ten guests to a CB-like clip molecule highlighted in the attached documents. This host is codenamed TrimerTrip.

## Challenge timing details (preliminary)

Currently, as of May 1, 2019, the Isaacs group is trying to ensure a broad range of binding affinities and finalizing guest selection for roughly 10 guests, to be completed in the next two weeks or so.
Following this, the challenge is expected to launch around June 1, 2019, with experimental data potentially available for release as of August 1. Depending on calculation timescales a submission deadline may be set later than that, though input on this is welcome.

## A quick view of the tentative host and guests

![](SAMPL7_tentative.jpg)

# What's here

All files here so far are extremely tentative pending finalization.
- `SAMPL7_tentative.cdx` and derivative files: Chemdraw provided by Isaacs on April 27, 2019; other files generated by Mobley from that.
- `host/` : Directory containing Trimertrip input structure

Commit message:

Include description of host_guest folder and that the host is achiral

host_guest/Isaacs_clip/README.md, after:

# The SAMPL7 TrimerTrip Challenge

For SAMPL7, the Isaacs group is **tentatively** contributing binding data for roughly ten guests to a CB-like clip molecule highlighted in the attached documents. This host is codenamed TrimerTrip.

## Challenge timing details (preliminary)

Currently, as of May 1, 2019, the Isaacs group is trying to ensure a broad range of binding affinities and finalizing guest selection for roughly 10 guests, to be completed in the next two weeks or so.
Following this, the challenge is expected to launch around June 1, 2019, with experimental data potentially available for release as of August 1. Depending on calculation timescales a submission deadline may be set later than that, though input on this is welcome.

## A quick view of the tentative host and guests

![](SAMPL7_tentative.jpg)

# What's here

All files here so far are extremely tentative pending finalization.
- `SAMPL7_tentative.cdx` and derivative files: Chemdraw provided by Isaacs on April 27, 2019; other files generated by Mobley from that.
- `SAMPL7_tentative.jpg` : Image for host and guest structures in JPG file format.
- `host_guest/` : Directory containing TrimerTrip host and guest input files in PDB, MOL2 and SDF format. Contains the jupyter notebook for guest file generation. Note, guest `g11` is chiral but the chirality doesn’t matter because the host is achiral, and a random stereoisomer for `g11` was chosen. A mixture was tested for this reason.
