## What's here

- [`calc_logD.nb`](calc_logD.nb) - Wolfram Mathematica notebook used to calculate distribution coefficients (log *D*<sub>7.4</sub>) found in [`logD_submission_collection.csv`](logD_submission_collection.csv). The notebook takes the partition coefficients (log *P*) and acidity constants from the SAMPL7 log *P* and pK<sub>a</sub> submission collection files and calculates the distribution coefficients according to the model described in https://doi.org/10.1007/s10822-016-9954-8. Because the charge state information for the protonated and deprotonated species isn't available for the individual models, eq. 4 for acids was used for all compounds. This choice was made because of the broad consensus of different pK<sub>a</sub> models that had also submitted macrostate pK<sub>a</sub> values including the charge state information. The distribution coefficients are only calculated for combinations of ranked models submitted by participants from the same participant organization. Notebook created by Nicolas Tielker. Notebook output was used as the basis for the general SAMPL anaysis.
- [`logD_submission_collection.csv`](logD_submission_collection.csv) - Contains analysis of log *D*<sub>7.4</sub> predictions generated from log *P* and pK<sub>a</sub> predictions.
- [`logD_predictions/`](logD_predictions/) - Contains SAMPL style submission files created from the log *D* data found in  [`logD_submission_collection.csv`](logD_submission_collection.csv), also contains two reference predictions. Files were generated using a notebook like [`../analysis_different_pKa_logP_combos/make_input.ipynb`](../analysis_different_pKa_logP_combos/make_input.ipynb) These were used as input for the general SAMPL analysis scripts found in the directory above.
- [`user-map.csv`](user-map.csv) - manually created user map of all log *D* estimate files. Used as input for the general SAMPL analysis scripts.
